This bot was created by a team of geeks for geeks like themselves.
We want to provide you with a complete guide to various fantasy-themed works for interesting leisure.
Of course, while our libraries are not complete, but, we assure you, hundreds more items are rummaging through our heads, for which we want to give a full-fledged
description to include in this honorable list.

This version of the bot has three functions:
1) Creation of a text or Excel file with a description and characteristics of one or more
random fantasy characters.

Love to play board games? Or write your own
work, becoming the new Tolkien or Martin? For a long time you can not choose the appearance
your character in the new MMORPG? Do you want to create a picture in a neural network according to the description?
Our team of geeks is happy to help you! Every week we update our databases with new ones.
descriptions of various characters, inventing new races and adding lore to them.
We do all this to help YOU create and develop your own universes.

2) The bot can offer a selection of films and series for every taste of a fantasy fan.

Tired of watching The Lord of the Rings? Okay, we know it can't get boring...
But maybe you want to watch something new? Our team has selected a few for you.
great options to brighten up the evening! For ease of selection, we have provided an annotation to
each picture, and also attached a link to Kinopoisk or other relevant service for
online viewing so you can immediately start exploring a new universe!

3) The bot also offers a selection of games.

An avid player and think that you have already beaten everything you can? In that case, our
The team is challenging you! We present to your attention a list of the best fantasy-themed games.
There are both quite old works, time-tested, and new projects.
with great potential. By the way, the same applies to board games!


P.S.: Our data libraries are constantly updated with new names, and the bot will continue
grow in your abilities. Therefore, if you, as a devoted fan of fantasy, have read
with all the material we have proposed, then:
	1 - Please accept our sincere admiration and gratitude! We are glad that in our
	there are people in the world so dedicated to our favorite genre!
	2 - wait a bit and please give us time... We will be back for
	the third day of your waiting and we will bring a whole army of new
	opportunities for you!